what's up LA I'm Shelby Rodriguez and
this is leo we're here in Huntington
Beach at the lazy dog cafe kids has
great atmosphere and even better food so
Leo's gonna wait out here on the dog
friendly patio and you're gonna come
inside with me and check out why I love
this place so much hi I'm Shelby Shelby
nice to meet you I'm pursue to lunar of
the lazy dog nice to meet you we came up
the idea basically because we love dogs
but it came time to naming our
restaurant it was a natural thing now
we're gonna meet one of the other
co-owners rashawn Mendes very Shawn I'm
Shelby it's nice to meet you guys to
meet you or in the bar and a couple of
barging sit out here you'd like to walk
over there in that case I'll sure let's
take a look at that great right over
here we have our rough seas rum punch
our Maddie's mojito Maddie's actually
Chris's family dog and the aqua dog and
a peach sangria I would you like to
taste one sure what do you recommend
okay I'm end the roxys rum Wow cheers to
lazy dog Cheers good good that's really
good Shh part of this as our dog wall
and it's basically customers dogs are
employees dogs are managers partners and
I'll get to come and put our pictures up
here and show a show em off this one
looks just like Leo what a lucky dog so
now I'm here with the third co-owner of
the lazy dog cafe
Gabriel Caliendo Dave real nice to meet
you and she'll be like white zombie and
Gabriel is the culinary partner of this
lazy dog trio so he has prepared some
amazing dishes for us and he's gonna
tell us a little bit more about us so
Gabriel would you mind right here it's
probably got the wok fired calamari dish
so we have a nice crispy calamari with
an Asian spicy Asian barbecue style dish
we're going to follow that here with our
trio of hummus dip so here we have the
walnut pesto hummus the sun-dried tomato
hummus and this is a traditional style
hummus traditionally they're also served
with the cucumbers and the sliced
tomatoes like we have here and a nice
little pita bed pita bread or flat bread
which is what we have here and another
real popular item here is a argentinian
style flat iron steak and then that's
served with the traditional chimichurri
sauce which is a cilantro and parsley
and garlic and onions with olive oil and
red wine vinegar so it's got a nice
tartness to it now we're back outside
the lazy dog cafe on their dog friendly
patio with our good buddy Leo and
Gabriel was kind enough to bring me
their famous doggie Bowl Sunday that's
really good it's really good well Leo
and I had a great time today at the lazy
dog cafe and you should come check them
out to remember they're in Huntington
Beach on Beach Boulevard or you can
check them out on the web at lazy dog
cafe com see you later